README.md, before:

# Web1.0 and  WML
--------------

ABOUT WEB1.0 AND WML
-----------------

WEB1.0
---

WEB1.0   is   the  Most  Standard  Programming Language for  RemoteWebservice  invented  by  wilmix  jemin  j  in  JAS   at 

  OCT  2015 to   develop  a   Remotewebservice.

Web  is  used   instead  of  today   internet   tools   which    is  not    fast.

Expansion  of  WEB  is  "Wilmix   Encryption  for  Business".

W  stands  for  wilmix  hence  it is  invented  by  wilmix jemin j.




SYNTAX:
------



 <WEB>
            
 <WPACK>

 <%

 <!  WEB  Logic  !>

 %>


</WEB>



ADVANTAGES:
----------

a)  Web  is   used  as  client  faces  security  towards   his  website.

b) Web  uses   namespace  url  so any   program   can   use   the

the  Web  for  security  purpose.

c)  Web   is   used  to  be  deploy  in  cloud  computing  and  mobile  cloud computing

d)  WEB  contains  beautiful  designs  and Themes  .

e)  WEB  also  act  as  DYNAMIC  HTML  and  it   can

interact  with  security   DATABASE  WDBAJ$.

f) WEB  also  has  OOPS  concepts.

g)  It  is  learnable.

h)  It  is    easy  to  write   a WEB namespace program than

writing   a    webservice  program.

i) It  generates  an  encrypted  class  file

which  is   understood   only  by  server.

so   when  you  run  the  encrypted  file (.WEB)

it  generates    the  output.

j) It  is  also  used   in  WEBPAGE  construction  like  JSTAR  ,  and  PHP.

k) So  a  Client  can  kept  any   secret  data  in  (WEB)  namespace  url  and

so  it  can  be  reused  for  futhure  use.


l) It  is  used   to  convert   a   style  sheet  or  any   WML form   to  a 

encrypted  format.

m)  IT  is  an  Interactive Programming Language  and  a   friendly  one.

n) Encrypted   data   from   WEB  is    used   for   constructing  

GRAPHS   ,  Report,  charts, etc.

0) IT  directly  interact   with  JAS ,JAS, ,WDBAJAS , JAVA ,  .Net  ,and  all  Latest  Technologies  of  JAS.

p) IT  is  used  to  display  contents  of  Youtube  and  games....

q) IT  is  mostly  used  in   SIT  field  ,  IT Field;  and  serve  as  an

important  tools  for  Security.

s)  Includes  all  GDollar  Advantages.

t)  It  uses   multiprotocols  like  Internet..

u)   It  is   Protocol  specific   for  encryption.

v)  WEB  technology  framework/language  WML   is   more   userfriedly

Interface design .


WML
---

WML  is  "Wilmix Manipulation Language"  used  with  WEB  technology  as

a   framework  and  very  fast  user  interface  design and  it  will  act  like  a   userfriendly  framework.

WML  is  invented  by   wilmix  jemin  j  at  JAS(JAS)  Programming  Language   at  october  2015.

It  saves   time   and  cost.

WML  has   extension  as  .wml.



ADVANTAGES
----------

->  It  is more   userfriendly .

->  It generates   web  assembly  as  .wl class file   when   wml  file  is   compiled using  remote server.

->  It  saves  time  , cost  and  attain  good  profit  for  clients.

-> It  requires      developers  not to  learn  the code and

   but  it  is more  easy  to  understood the  language and  lead  developers just to apply  the  values  in  the WML  syntax of  

   FORM,  reports,TABLE,etc.

-->  We  can  code  and  generate  a   webpage  with in  one minute.

-->  It  will  manage  automatically  the   forms,  reports,etc.

-->  it  requires  no knowledge  of   studying  GDollar,etc.

-->   It's   url  can  be  called like  a   webservice  in any  Program  say  JAVA,Dotnet,PHP  or  any  program,etc.

--->  It  is    one  of  the  Most  Advanced  Interface  Design  Langauage.

--->  it  is  a   learnable   and  amazing  language...

--->  WML  is   used  with   WEB P.L. Since  it  is  a  part  of  WEB  P.L.

-->  IT is   reusable  and  plays   a   more   advantage   to   IT  and  WRIT field.

so  WEB Technology  is   a  NO:1  for  User Friendly Interface  design.

-->  IT  also   accept   any  JSON  values   and  allow  angular js  to  evaluate  it.

so  WEB  is   also used   with   Angularjs.

->  IT  also   has   all  the  property  which  java  had   and   most  advanced  than  java/j2ee.

WEB1.0-WML-FORMS
================

house.wml
==========

<WML>
<FORM TITLE='WILMIXjeminhhb1k FORM' Method='post' Url=''
color='green' Tcolor='gold' Name = 'ADD House / SHOP' GUICount='11' Password='no' Space='yes'
Type='submit' fields='{House/Shop{H/S},HouseNo/ShopNo,Occupant Name,Occupant Date,Advanced Payment,Amount Paid,Monthly Rent,EB Reading Last month, EB Reading This month,Rent Paid Date,Maintenance Charge,Other Maintenance Charge if any}'
GUI='text' Names='http://localhost:8080/jeminprograms/WSIT/wstar/wil12.wstar' Input ='{ROWS,COLS}'/>
// Name => form tittle
// Tcolor => textcolor gold
//fields => fields of form..
//GUI => text means text box
//GUICount => no of Text box GUI required (0 indicates 1 and 1 indicates 2 text //field and so-on)
//Space='yes' ; means it print space....
//color=background color
</WML>

Example-4  : Displaying  Web1.0 Webservice  as  a  Form
==========


house4.Web
==========

<WEB>
<WPACK>
<%
public class house4
{
public void WEB-Main( ) throws <EXE>
{
WEB.Writeln("<html>"); //WEb.Writeln is used to print the String to webpage...
// <GUI> indicates call GUI forms or reports and 1 indicates Form
// and 2 indicates table and 3 for report and 4 for Bill..
WEB.Writeln(""+<GUI>("house2.wml", 1,null,null,null));
WEB.Writeln("</html>");
}
}
%>
</WEB>


Explanation:
=============


<WML>  is  the  tag  for  WML mini sub programming language which is part  of  WEB1.0  webService ..


We  already  knows  the  html form  tags  simillar to  WML . TITLE represents  form Title and  url  represent  post /get  url

<FORM TITLE='WILMIXjeminhhb1k FORM' Method='post' Url=''


// color represent  background color  for  form and  Tcolor represent Text box layout colour

//Name  represent  Name of  the  Form , GUICount =11  means  12  text box  will be assigned to WML layout

// Password =no  means  textbox  type  is  not  password and Space means after  the  textboxes  Space  will  be assigned.   
color='green' Tcolor='gold' Name = 'ADD House / SHOP' GUICount='11' Password='no' Space='yes'


// GUICount =11 ie) 12 textbox so you must  enter  12  fields  as  in  Fields  and  Type='submit'  means the  button type is  submit.

   Type='submit'  fields='{House/Shop{H/S},HouseNo/ShopNo,Occupant Name,Occupant Date,Advanced Payment,Amount Paid,Monthly Rent,EB Reading Last month, EB Reading This month,Rent Paid Date,Maintenance Charge,Other Maintenance Charge if any}' 


// GUI='text means Textbox  in html ; Input ='{ROWS,COLS}' means  layout  with  ROWS and  COLS  arrangement.

 GUI='text' Names='http://localhost:8080/jeminprograms/WSIT/wstar/wil12.wstar' Input ='{ROWS,COLS}'/>


</WML>  means  equivalent  to  </html>



Note:  This  WML  program  explains  that  WEB1.0 Webservice used as a  Form Types.
======

References:
-----------



->User   Must   Learn  WML  language 

Note:   WML   syntax   and  outputs  will  not  be   shown.
Since   WML  is  not   opensource  due   to   userfriendly  design.




Note: Web  and  WXML  is   also  called  as  WEB1.0 and   it  is  part  of  CWEB technologies.

====================BEGINING  OF   CWEB   TECHNOLOGIES========================

Commit message:

ABOUT WEB1.0 AND WML
ABOUT WEB1.0 AND WML
-----------------------------

WEB1.0
---

WEB1.0   is   the  Most  Standard  Programming Language for  RemoteWebservice  invented  by  wilmix  jemin  j  in  JAS   at 

  OCT  2015 to   develop  a   Remotewebservice.

Web  is  used   instead  of  today   internet   tools   which    is  not    fast.

Expansion  of  WEB  is  "Wilmix   Encryption  for  Business".

W  stands  for  wilmix  hence  it is  invented  by  wilmix jemin j.

README.md, after:

# Web1.0 and  WML
--------------

ABOUT WEB1.0 AND WML
-----------------

WEB1.0
---

WEB1.0   is   the  Most  Standard  Programming Language for  RemoteWebservice  invented  by  wilmix  jemin  j  in  JAS   at 

  OCT  2015 to   develop  a   Remotewebservice.

Web  is  used   instead  of  today   internet   tools   which    is  not    fast.

Expansion  of  WEB  is  "Wilmix   Encryption  for  Business".

W  stands  for  wilmix  hence  it is  invented  by  wilmix jemin j.




SYNTAX:
------



 <WEB>
            
 <WPACK>

 <%

 <!  WEB  Logic  !>

 %>


</WEB>



ADVANTAGES:
----------

a)  Web  is   used  as  client  faces  security  towards   his  website.

b) Web  uses   namespace  url  so any   program   can   use   the

the  Web  for  security  purpose.

c)  Web   is   used  to  be  deploy  in  cloud  computing  and  mobile  cloud computing

d)  WEB  contains  beautiful  designs  and Themes  .

e)  WEB  also  act  as  DYNAMIC  HTML  and  it   can

interact  with  security   DATABASE  WDBAJ$.

f) WEB  also  has  OOPS  concepts.

g)  It  is  learnable.

h)  It  is    easy  to  write   a WEB namespace program than

writing   a    webservice  program.

i) It  generates  an  encrypted  class  file

which  is   understood   only  by  server.

so   when  you  run  the  encrypted  file (.WEB)

it  generates    the  output.

j) It  is  also  used   in  WEBPAGE  construction  like  JSTAR  ,  and  PHP.

k) So  a  Client  can  kept  any   secret  data  in  (WEB)  namespace  url  and

so  it  can  be  reused  for  futhure  use.


l) It  is  used   to  convert   a   style  sheet  or  any   WML form   to  a 

encrypted  format.

m)  IT  is  an  Interactive Programming Language  and  a   friendly  one.

n) Encrypted   data   from   WEB  is    used   for   constructing  

GRAPHS   ,  Report,  charts, etc.

0) IT  directly  interact   with  JAS ,JAS, ,WDBAJAS , JAVA ,  .Net  ,and  all  Latest  Technologies  of  JAS.

p) IT  is  used  to  display  contents  of  Youtube  and  games....

q) IT  is  mostly  used  in   SIT  field  ,  IT Field;  and  serve  as  an

important  tools  for  Security.

s)  Includes  all  GDollar  Advantages.

t)  It  uses   multiprotocols  like  Internet..

u)   It  is   Protocol  specific   for  encryption.

v)  WEB  technology  framework/language  WML   is   more   userfriedly

Interface design .


WML
---

WML  is  "Wilmix Manipulation Language"  used  with  WEB  technology  as

a   framework  and  very  fast  user  interface  design and  it  will  act  like  a   userfriendly  framework.

WML  is  invented  by   wilmix  jemin  j  at  JAS(JAS)  Programming  Language   at  october  2015.

It  saves   time   and  cost.

WML  has   extension  as  .wml.



ADVANTAGES
----------

->  It  is more   userfriendly .

->  It generates   web  assembly  as  .wl class file   when   wml  file  is   compiled using  remote server.

->  It  saves  time  , cost  and  attain  good  profit  for  clients.

-> It  requires      developers  not to  learn  the code and

   but  it  is more  easy  to  understood the  language and  lead  developers just to apply  the  values  in  the WML  syntax of  

   FORM,  reports,TABLE,etc.

-->  We  can  code  and  generate  a   webpage  with in  one minute.

-->  It  will  manage  automatically  the   forms,  reports,etc.

-->  it  requires  no knowledge  of   studying  GDollar,etc.

-->   It's   url  can  be  called like  a   webservice  in any  Program  say  JAVA,Dotnet,PHP  or  any  program,etc.

--->  It  is    one  of  the  Most  Advanced  Interface  Design  Langauage.

--->  it  is  a   learnable   and  amazing  language...

--->  WML  is   used  with   WEB P.L. Since  it  is  a  part  of  WEB  P.L.

-->  IT is   reusable  and  plays   a   more   advantage   to   IT  and  WRIT field.

so  WEB Technology  is   a  NO:1  for  User Friendly Interface  design.

-->  IT  also   accept   any  JSON  values   and  allow  angular js  to  evaluate  it.

so  WEB  is   also used   with   Angularjs.

->  IT  also   has   all  the  property  which  java  had   and   most  advanced  than  java/j2ee.

WEB1.0-WML-FORMS
================

house.wml
==========

<WML>
<FORM TITLE='WILMIXjeminhhb1k FORM' Method='post' Url=''
color='green' Tcolor='gold' Name = 'ADD House / SHOP' GUICount='11' Password='no' Space='yes'
Type='submit' fields='{House/Shop{H/S},HouseNo/ShopNo,Occupant Name,Occupant Date,Advanced Payment,Amount Paid,Monthly Rent,EB Reading Last month, EB Reading This month,Rent Paid Date,Maintenance Charge,Other Maintenance Charge if any}'
GUI='text' Names='http://localhost:8080/jeminprograms/WSIT/wstar/wil12.wstar' Input ='{ROWS,COLS}'/>
// Name => form tittle
// Tcolor => textcolor gold
//fields => fields of form..
//GUI => text means text box
//GUICount => no of Text box GUI required (0 indicates 1 and 1 indicates 2 text //field and so-on)
//Space='yes' ; means it print space....
//color=background color
</WML>

Example-4  : Displaying  Web1.0 Webservice  as  a  Form
==========


house4.Web
==========

<WEB>
<WPACK>
<%
public class house4
{
public void WEB-Main( ) throws <EXE>
{
WEB.Writeln("<html>"); //WEb.Writeln is used to print the String to webpage...
// <GUI> indicates call GUI forms or reports and 1 indicates Form
// and 2 indicates table and 3 for report and 4 for Bill..
WEB.Writeln(""+<GUI>("house2.wml", 1,null,null,null));
WEB.Writeln("</html>");
}
}
%>
</WEB>


Explanation:
=============


<WML>  is  the  tag  for  WML mini sub programming language which is part  of  WEB1.0  webService ..


We  already  knows  the  html form  tags  simillar to  WML . TITLE represents  form Title and  url  represent  post /get  url

<FORM TITLE='WILMIXjeminhhb1k FORM' Method='post' Url=''


// color represent  background color  for  form and  Tcolor represent Text box layout colour

//Name  represent  Name of  the  Form , GUICount =11  means  12  text box  will be assigned to WML layout

// Password =no  means  textbox  type  is  not  password and Space means after  the  textboxes  Space  will  be assigned.   
color='green' Tcolor='gold' Name = 'ADD House / SHOP' GUICount='11' Password='no' Space='yes'


// GUICount =11 ie) 12 textbox so you must  enter  12  fields  as  in  Fields  and  Type='submit'  means the  button type is  submit.

   Type='submit'  fields='{House/Shop{H/S},HouseNo/ShopNo,Occupant Name,Occupant Date,Advanced Payment,Amount Paid,Monthly Rent,EB Reading Last month, EB Reading This month,Rent Paid Date,Maintenance Charge,Other Maintenance Charge if any}' 


// GUI='text means Textbox  in html ; Input ='{ROWS,COLS}' means  layout  with  ROWS and  COLS  arrangement.

 GUI='text' Names='http://localhost:8080/jeminprograms/WSIT/wstar/wil12.wstar' Input ='{ROWS,COLS}'/>


</WML>  means  equivalent  to  </html>



Note:  This  WML  program  explains  that  WEB1.0 Webservice used as a  Form Types.
======

References:
-----------



->User   Must   Learn  WML  language 

Note:   WML   syntax   and  outputs  will   be   shown  but  for  more  detail about  web1.0 remote webservice 
  can  be  seen  at  Enterprise Edition not  at WEB1.0 and  WML professional  edition.  
Since WEB1.0  and  WML for  Enterprise Edition is  not   opensource  due   to   userfriendly  design.




Note: Web  and  WXML  is   also  called  as  WEB1.0 and   it  is  part  of  CWEB technologies.

====================BEGINING  OF   CWEB   TECHNOLOGIES========================
